README.md, before:

# BDUIViewUpdateQueue

[![CI Status](http://img.shields.io/travis/Norsez Orankijanan/BDUIViewUpdateQueue.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/Norsez Orankijanan/BDUIViewUpdateQueue)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/BDUIViewUpdateQueue.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/BDUIViewUpdateQueue)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/BDUIViewUpdateQueue.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/BDUIViewUpdateQueue)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/BDUIViewUpdateQueue.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/BDUIViewUpdateQueue)

## Overview

A singleton class facilitates queuing on updating UITableView, UICollectionView, and other UIView based classes.

When using UITableView or UICollectionView, asynchronous updating of your datasource and your view can be difficult without proper queuing. Sometimes upating these views can even crash your app (NSInternalInconsistencyException dreads). 

## How it works

`BDUIViewUpdateQueue` uses GCD (`dispatch_queue_t`) to lock your view to a serial queue, then execute your block in the main queue. That way datasource will always sync up with the state of your UITableView or UICollectionView. Other views will also work. 

## How to use

There are a few variations of lock and update `BDUIViewUpdateQueue` provides:

- `-updateView:block:` adds input blocks into a serial queue associated with the input view, then executes the blocks in sequence in the main queue
- `-updateView:block:delay:` delays the input time interval before adding inputs blocks into a serial queue associated with the input view, then executes the blocks in sequeuence in the main queue
- `updateView:block:waitUntil:` adds input blocks into a serial queue associated with the input view, periodically executes the waitUntil block until it returns true, then executes the corresponding block in the main queue

`BDUIViewUpdateQueue` is a singleton class. So use `+shared` to get an instance. 

```
[BDUIViewUpdateQueue shared];
```

`BDUIViewUpdateQueue` requires a `UIView` as an input in order to associate a serial queue with it. This means that we can use `BDUIViewUpdateQueue` to queue updates for as many `UIView`s as you want. `BDUIViewUpdateQueue` keeps track of `dispatch_queue_t` structs for you.

Inside the input block, that's where you want to update your datasource and your view. Like so…

```
[[BDUIViewUpdateQueue shared] updateView:self.tableView block:^{
self.items = @[@"Hello"];
[self.tableView insertIndexPaths@[[NSIndexPath indexPathWithRow:0 section:0 withRowAnimation:UITableViewRowAnimationBottom]];
}];
```

## Usage

To run the example project, clone the repo, and run `pod install` from the Example directory first.

## Requirements

- iOS 6.0 (Should be okay down to iOS 4.0)

## Installation

BDUIViewUpdateQueue is available through [CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org). To install
it, simply add the following line to your Podfile:

```
pod "BDUIViewUpdateQueue"
```

## Author

Norsez Orankijanan, norsez@gmail.com

## License

BDUIViewUpdateQueue is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.

Commit message:

add readme text to describe the example project.

README.md, after:

# BDUIViewUpdateQueue

[![CI Status](http://img.shields.io/travis/Norsez Orankijanan/BDUIViewUpdateQueue.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/Norsez Orankijanan/BDUIViewUpdateQueue)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/BDUIViewUpdateQueue.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/BDUIViewUpdateQueue)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/BDUIViewUpdateQueue.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/BDUIViewUpdateQueue)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/BDUIViewUpdateQueue.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoapods.org/pods/BDUIViewUpdateQueue)

## Overview

A singleton class facilitates queuing on updating UITableView, UICollectionView, and other UIView based classes.

When using UITableView or UICollectionView, asynchronous updating of your datasource and your view can be difficult without proper queuing. Sometimes upating these views can even crash your app (NSInternalInconsistencyException dreads). 

## How it works

`BDUIViewUpdateQueue` uses GCD (`dispatch_queue_t`) to lock your view to a serial queue, then execute your block in the main queue. That way datasource will always sync up with the state of your UITableView or UICollectionView. Other views will also work. 

## How to use

There are a few variations of lock and update `BDUIViewUpdateQueue` provides:

- `-updateView:block:` adds input blocks into a serial queue associated with the input view, then executes the blocks in sequence in the main queue
- `-updateView:block:delay:` delays the input time interval before adding inputs blocks into a serial queue associated with the input view, then executes the blocks in sequeuence in the main queue
- `updateView:block:waitUntil:` adds input blocks into a serial queue associated with the input view, periodically executes the waitUntil block until it returns true, then executes the corresponding block in the main queue

`BDUIViewUpdateQueue` is a singleton class. So use `+shared` to get an instance. 

```
[BDUIViewUpdateQueue shared];
```

`BDUIViewUpdateQueue` requires a `UIView` as an input in order to associate a serial queue with it. This means that we can use `BDUIViewUpdateQueue` to queue updates for as many `UIView`s as you want. `BDUIViewUpdateQueue` keeps track of `dispatch_queue_t` structs for you.

Inside the input block, that's where you want to update your datasource and your view. Like so…

```
[[BDUIViewUpdateQueue shared] updateView:self.tableView block:^{
self.items = @[@"Hello"];
[self.tableView insertIndexPaths@[[NSIndexPath indexPathWithRow:0 section:0 withRowAnimation:UITableViewRowAnimationBottom]];
}];
```

## Example project

The example project demonstrates a case where the datasource and the view are updated repeatedly in a short time. Usually, this will result in a crash because the datasource is out of sync with its view. Wrapping it with a `BDUIViewUpdateQueue` call makes it all better :)

## Usage

To run the example project, clone the repo, and run `pod install` from the Example directory first.

## Requirements

- iOS 6.0 (Should be okay down to iOS 4.0)

## Installation

BDUIViewUpdateQueue is available through [CocoaPods](http://cocoapods.org). To install
it, simply add the following line to your Podfile:

```
pod "BDUIViewUpdateQueue"
```

## Author

Norsez Orankijanan, norsez@gmail.com

## License

BDUIViewUpdateQueue is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.
